[Music]
what is the deal with pomegranates a
fashionable is it antioxidant I don't
even know what that word means what's
the deal with pomegranates I have no
idea do you have a position on them I
think a lot of the time it's used to
make pomegranate juice sure yeah I mean
what other juice could you make out of a
pomegranate see the part of Brooklyn I'm
from we don't really have the
pomegranates no Paula red no oh you're
in the know Paula Graham yeah that is
correct South Brooklyn there's we're in
the real Brook real Brooklyn for hey the
new Brooklyn they have all these fancy
things we don't have that back in the
real Brooklyn all right thank you very
much to Brooklyn
thank you the real Brooklyn Smirnoff
number 21 vodka the answer to all of
life's ridiculous questions Jimmy Kimmel
Live weeknights at 11:35 10:35 central
on ABC